The integration of social networking concepts into the Internet of Things led to the rise of a new paradigm: the Social Internet of Things (SIoT).  In the SIoT environment, the objects are capable of establishing in an autonomous way many social relationships anywhere and anytime with other trusted objects. However, in such environment, objects may provide dishonest recommendations due to malicious reasons such as bad mouthing, ballot stuﬃng, random opinion, etc. In order to cater these challenges, we propose a new fuzzy logic-based model to ﬁlter dishonest recommendations and estimate their trust level based on (i) their values and sending time and the place coordinates and (ii) the social relationship parameters of the recommenders. Results  prove that our proposed approach is able to detect 100 % of the fake Sybil attack and  achieves 100 % of Recognition Proportion, Sensitivity, Speciﬁcity, Accuracy and F1 score and  gets 0 % of False Negative and False Positive Proportions in presence of up to 90 % dishonest recommendations.  The performance of our model for ﬁltering dishonest recommendations in SIoT   was evaluated using a fuzzy logic-based inference engine created over MATLAB. Moreover, we use SPSS (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences), a statistical analysis software, in order to make sure that obtained results   are independent of the data used for the experiments. Due to the dearth of  real data concerning some attitudes of object’s behavior in SIoT, we use the  real dataset of the location-based online social network Brightkite obtained from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection. The outputs of the Brightkite dataset are traces of the position and time of humans. Since they represent data from distributed users, these can be assimilated to data from  connected objects owned by these users. Furthermore, we use an actual real  feedback rating dataset. In this dataset the ratings are on a 1-10 scale,  where ”10” is the best and ”1” is the worst. In our case since we deal with recommendations, we consider these feedback ratings as recommendation values. In order to make these feedback ratings compatible with our model, each feedback rating is normalized on a 0-1 scale. We use the real dataset obtained from  and in order to create our own dataset. The performance evaluation was executed over 1000 objects. Each object belongs to one of two categories: (a) recommender objects or (b) witness objects. All the recommendations sent by the recommender and the witness objects concerns only one recommended object. The recommendations sent by the recommender objects are further classiﬁed into two categories: 
-Honest recommendations: Sent by trustworthy recommender objects that do not try to launch any attack.
- Dishonest recommendations: Sent by untrustworthy recommender objects that are capable of launching any of three attacks, i.e., Sybil, bad or good mouthing attacks.
